Add more specific instruction on applying plugins (#1579)
Kotlin/dokka: docs/src/doc/docs/user_guide/plugins-specific/index.md

# Documentation for specific plugin

Currently, dokka offers 4 plugins:

 * [base plugin with HTML format](base-specific/frontend.md)
 * GFM plugin
 * Jekyll plugin
 * Kotlin-as-Java plugin

> Base, GFM and Jekyll plugins are applied by default. Rest of those needs to be applied manually. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Base, GFM, and Jekyll plugins are applied by default. The rest of those need to be applied manually. 
```
